# FiniteStateTransducer
readFST(filename): Read in a description of a FST stored in file filename and return a stored version of that FST.
The format of a FST description file is as follows: The first line gives the number of states in the FST and a string containing all characters in the lower and upper strings encoded in the FST. The special symbol "-" will be used to denote the symbol epsilon. This is followed by one or more groups of lines, one per state, which encode the transitions going outwards from that state. In each such group, the first line gives the state number and an character indicating whether that state is ("F") or is not ("N") final and each subsequent line specifies a transition by the lower and upper symbols in that transition and the number of the state towards which that transition is directed. The states in an n-state FST will be numbered from 1 to n and state 1 is assumed to be the start state. Two example FST descriptions for FST over the alphabet {a,b,c} that (1) transform all b's following the leftmost a into c's and (2) delete all b's except the leftmost one are given in files test1.fst and test2.fst, respectively.

composeFST(F1,F2): Given two stored versions F1 and F2, create and return the FST that is F1 composed with F2.
createTrieFST(filename): Given a list of lexical forms stored in file filename, create and return a stored version of the lexicon FST encoding this list of words (recall that a lexicon FST is simply the identity FST associated with a lexicon DFA).
The format of a lexical-form file is as follows: The first line is a string containing all of the symbols used in the lexical forms in the file, followed by the lexical forms (one per line). A sample lexical-form file is given in file word.lex.

reconstructUpper(l, F): Print the set of upper strings associated with lower string l by FST F.
reconstructLower(u, F): Print the set of lower strings associated with upper string u by FST F.
Using the functions described above, write and document a Python script reconstruct.py which performs different functions depending on the following command-line argument-sets:
reconstruct.py surface wlf F1 F2 ... Fn: Print the surface forms associated with each of the lexical forms in lexical-form file wlf relative to the FST created by composing the FST described in files F1 through Fn in that order. It is possible that only a single FST may be specified.
reconstruct.py lexical wsf F1 F2 ... Fn: Print the lexical forms associated with each of the surface forms in surface-form file wsf relative to the FST created by composing the FST described in files F1 through Fn in that order. It is possible that only a single FST may be specified.
reconstruct.py surface wlf1 lex wlf2 F1 F2 ... Fn: Print the surface forms associated with each of the lexical forms in lexical-form file wlf1 relative to the lexical transducer created by composing the trie-FST encoding the lexical forms in lexical-form file wlf2 with the FST described in files F1 through Fn in that order. It is possible that only a single FST may be specified.
reconstruct.py lexical wsf lex wlf F1 F2 ... Fn: Print the lexical forms associated with each of the surface forms in surface-form file wsf relative to the lexical transducer created by composing the trie-FST encoding the lexical forms in lexical-form file wlf with the FST described in files F1 through Fn in that order. It is possible that only a single FST may be specified.
Prior to printing any reconstructed word-forms, each of these commands must print the number of states and the number of transitions in the composed FST (which may or may not include a composed lexicon FST, depending on the command executed) used to reconstruct word-forms. Moreover, for each given form in a lexical- or surface-form file, that form must be printed immediately before the list of reconstructed forms associated with that form.
